good morning miss peterson i'm sorry to
disturb you so early
the court has ruled that you require
assistance in taking care of yourself
i'm fine i'm afraid it's not up to you
to decide
the court has appointed me to be your
legal guardian what
you have to come with me and remember
i'm here to help my name
is marla grayson i'm just someone who
cares
[Music]
marla grayson you've had amazing success
what's your secret there is no secret
peter she forces them into the home
auctions off their house and uses the
proceeds to pay herself
because caring is my job
i will grab your dick and balls and i
will rip them clean off
[Music]
big deal i know what you do here
your hustle look at all these cash cows
on your wall
just leaking money into your account
jennifer peterson she's off lemons she
has very powerful
friends who can make life uncomfortable
for you
how uncomfortable are we talking
[Music]
hello martha grayson i don't like you
yoni just met me there's two types of
people in this world
predators and prey
[Applause]
i don't lose i won't lose
i'm never letting you go
[Music]
you're in trouble now
i am a lioness
[Music]
you